Add missing parameter to append ingest processor (#8635)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ingest-pipelines/processors/append.md

`description`  | Optional  | A brief description of the processor.  |
`if` | Optional | A condition for running the processor. |
`ignore_failure` | Optional | Specifies whether the processor continues execution even if it encounters errors. If set to `true`, failures are ignored. Default is `false`. |

> `allow_duplicates` | Optional | Specifies whether to append the values that the field already contains. If `true`, duplicate values are appended, otherwise they are skipped. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`allow_duplicates` | Optional | Specifies whether to append the values already contained in the field. If `true`, duplicate values are appended. Otherwise, they are skipped. |
```
